=Ancient Bracelet=
=Episode 7=
=No One Is Allowed to Touch Her=
Here, sir.
This is yours.
Alright.
Run! Hurry!
Go!
Who are you?
How do you know my spells?
Your Majesty!
Ying Du,
just as I expected,
once you're separated from Wu Zhaoli,
you can't wield your full power.
Today, I'll end your life for sure.
Why won't the Grand Princess let me go?
You could've provoked anyone,
but you chose to anger the ruler,
whom she cherishes the most.
Naturally, she won't spare you.
You drugged me
and took me there.
Enough with the pointless talk.
Hit her!
Hit her hard!
I never thought the Frost Seal
could link you with Wu Zhaoli.
If she's hurt, you're hurt.
Zhaoli is in danger.
Stop!
Mr. Luo. (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
What brings you here?
It's you.
Are you here to kill me too?
We'll settle our accounts later.
The ruler is in trouble.
Come with me, now!
Trouble?
What happened to him?
The ruler's power
was transferred to you.
There's a spiritual link
between you two.
Only when he connects with you
can he summon all his power.
So,
he needs me now.
Let's go save him now.
Let's go.
I didn't expect that this time,
it would be so easy to take your life.
Ying Du!
I'm here to save you!
Zhaoli, it's dangerous!
She truly fears nothing
when it comes to you.
Ying Du,
hang in there.
Zhaoli. (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
Ying Du.
What a pity.
However deep the feeling,
you'll be separated
by life and death soon.
Zhaoli.
Ying Du.
Thank goodness you're unharmed.
I'm fine.
You ran all the way here like that?
Were you not afraid of losing your life?
Zhaoli.
Why won't Zhaoli's wound heal?
Zhaoli... Zhaoli.
Your Highness.
Has that healer perished?
Your Highness,
we had trapped her,
but just as we beat her
nearly senseless,
a group suddenly appeared
and struck at the ruler.
That healer sensed something was wrong
and forced herself to go save him.
To save him?
Was he harmed?
You can barely protect yourself,
yet you still have time to worry
about others.
Your...
Your Majesty.
Your Majesty, please hear me out.
I said no one is allowed to touch her.
If you kill me,
Wu Zhaoli will perish as well.
What did you do to Zhaoli?
I gave her the Anti-Coagulant Powder
that stops wounds from healing.
Without the antidote,
she'll never recover.
Hand over the antidote.
Your Majesty,
she's led you into danger
time and again.
I only did this for your sake.
Ye Li,
have you forgotten
what I told you before?
If you harm another innocent soul,
I won't hesitate
to rid the people of you.
Please, forgive me.
I will never dare again.
(Your Majesty,)
(you truly meant to kill me?)
It was you who saved me?
Yes. (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
Your Highness,
you've devoted yourself entirely
to the ruler.
Yet he tried to kill you
for another woman.
It seems he truly feels for Wu Zhaoli.
Your chances are fading fast.
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
♪In this life, I still run toward you♪
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
♪And that is enough♪
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
♪Begonia blooms across the branches♪
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
♪In this life, I still run toward you♪
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
♪And that is enough♪
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
♪Begonia blooms across the branches♪
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
♪One more glance may let love♪
♪Stand still♪